Update microsoft-graph-migration.md (#3122)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/microsoft-graph-migration.md

### `az ad app permission grant`

- Remove `--expires`

> - `--scope` doesn't default to `user_impersonation` anymore and is now required.

Reviewer: double negative.  :-)  change to 

no longer defaults to `user_impersonation` and is now required

Author: Thanks @dbradish-microsoft, this is definitely more concise, though I don't think anymore is a "negative". 🤣 https://ludwig.guru/s/don't+do+that+anymore

```suggestion
- `--scope` no longer defaults to `user_impersonation` and is now required
```

### `az ad sp credential reset`

> - Rename `--name` to `--id`

Author: ```suggestion
- Replace `--name` with `--id`
```
